A folder for containing the older versions of squidpy (#152)
theislab/squidpy_notebooks: examples/index.rst

    :glob:

    plotting/plot_*

Older versions
---------------

> This section contains examples from older versions of Squidpy. Kept here for reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section contains tutorials and examples that have since been deprecated from Squidpy. They are listed here for reference.
```

> This section contains examples from older versions of Squidpy. Kept here for reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section contains tutorials and examples that have since been deprecated from Squidpy. They are listed here for reference.
```
